= Meeting-Protocol

== 06.12.2020
* EQ, EP, KF, KS, OJ, KV, RF
* organizational matters

=== 18.12.2020
* EQ, EP, KF, KS, OJ, KV, RF
* discussion with our predecessors about the project
* new division of tasks

=== 27.12.2020
* EQ, EP, KS, KV, RF
* short briefing

=== 24.01.2021
* EQ, EP, KS, KV, RF
* briefing about the current situation
* discussion about occurring go problems
* restructuring of the repo
* brainstorming about a more efficient ways of operating
** several work sessions a month

=== 04.02.2021
* talked about the project management and structure
* TODO:
** getting rid off the feature branches
** creating project handbook
** linking of all sources

==== 14.02.2021
* EP, KV, RF
* update on current situation
* upcoming simulator problems
** dicussion about solving the problem
* talking about deadlines

==== 19.02.2021
* Write instructions for the backend in the ReadME
* the professor is looking for an alternative solution for JDBC
* create reactive branching


=== 21.02.2021
* EQ, EP, KV
* status update
* assigned new tasks
* should create extra branch for the new simulator libary


=== 22.02.2021
==== Notes:
* programm is available
* we need to configure the sensorbox
* the software is written in c++
* in VS we use Express IDF
* Express uses a components
* procedure:
** picking the device
** build the code (Build Flash Monitor)
** an accespoints starts
* a http-server is running on the sensorbox
* assigning of a topic:
** configuration happens in the Main
* How does the server new which room is currently used:
** ThingName
* Our Goal:
** configuration of the sensorbox with access to the accesspoint of the school

=== 07.03.2021
* EQ, EP, KV, RF
* talked about the current state and tasks
* tried to fix a connecting to mediator error

=== 08.0.2021
* EQ, EP. GK
* configuration of the sensorbox

